feat: Follow repository behavior PLUTO-368 (#1659)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/managing-repositories.md

# Managing repositories

> Users with the [necessary permissions on your Git provider](roles-and-permissions-for-organizations.md) can **add** repositories to Codacy to start analyzing them. The remaining organization members can then **follow** added repositories of their interest on Codacy.

Reviewer: Minor nitpick here, the ability to follow is also tied to necessary permission on the Git provider. It's not completely clear from the current phrasing. This is not blocking in any way.

Author: You're right, @jorgebraz. Thanks for the input! 👍
I tweaked the sentence to clarify that the remaining users also need access to the repositories they want to follow.

> Users with the [necessary permissions on your Git provider](roles-and-permissions-for-organizations.md) can **add** the organization repositories to Codacy to start analyzing them. Other members of the organization will then be able to **follow** on Codacy the repositories of their interest.

Reviewer 2: A couple further suggestions:
* present tense
* I included a Grammarly tweak 😅 

```suggestion
Users with the [necessary permissions on your Git provider](roles-and-permissions-for-organizations.md) can **add** repositories to Codacy to start analyzing them. The remaining organization members can then **follow** added repositories of their interest on Codacy.
```

> To see a list of the repositories you follow on Codacy, open the page **Repositories** under your organization. Across the application, Codacy calculates and displays data for the repositories on this list.

Reviewer 3: We can see a list of repositories even in the overview dashboard, so I was thinking if saying `To see the full list of repositories you follow (...)` isn't better? 🤔

Author: Thanks for the input, @inesgomas! 👍 I tweaked the sentence.

> To see a list of the repositories that you follow on Codacy, open the page **Repositories** under your organization. Across the application, Codacy calculates and displays data for the repositories in this list.

Reviewer 2: Minor nitpick regarding [in/on the list](https://forum.wordreference.com/threads/in-the-list-or-on-the-list.469925/) (and another Grammarly suggestion):

```suggestion
To see a list of the repositories you follow on Codacy, open the page **Repositories** under your organization. Across the application, Codacy calculates and displays data for the repositories on this list.
```

<!-- TODO PLUTO-368 Update screenshot -->![Repositories list](images/repositories.png)

> This page lists the repositories that you follow on Codacy sorted by [last updated date](organization-overview.md#last-updated-repositories), and allows you to compare the repositories in the list according to the following metrics:

Reviewer 2: Same nitpick as above.

```suggestion
This page lists the repositories that you follow on Codacy sorted by [last updated date](organization-overview.md#last-updated-repositories), and allows you to compare the repositories on the list according to the following metrics:
```

The list also displays error and warning messages for repositories that have issues, such as when there are no committers added to the organization or when Codacy stopped having access to the repository. Hover the mouse cursor over the warning icons or open the repository to see more details.

If you are following many repositories, you can use the search field above the list to <span class="skip-vale">quickly</span> find a specific repository.

## Adding or following a repository {: id="adding-a-repository"}

{%
    include-markdown "../assets/includes/paid.md"
    start="<!--paid-private-repositories-start-->"
    end="<!--paid-private-repositories-end-->"
%}

> Depending on your [permissions on the Git provider](roles-and-permissions-for-organizations.md) you can:

Reviewer 2: Minor tweak:

```suggestion
Depending on your [permissions on the Git provider](roles-and-permissions-for-organizations.md), you can:
```

-   **Add** a new repository to Codacy to start analyzing it. You need admin permission over the repository to add it to Codacy.
-   **Follow** a repository that was already added to Codacy by a repository admin.

> To add or follow a repository, click the button **Manage repository** at the top right-hand corner of the page. This opens a window listing your organization repositories.

Author: Yes, it should. My mistake. 😝

<!-- TODO PLUTO-368 Update screenshot -->![Adding a repository](images/repositories-add.png)

!!! important
    To see your repositories in this list, make sure that you have permissions over the repositories on the Git provider and that Codacy has permissions to access the repositories.

> Add or follow your organization repositories by clicking **Add** or **Follow** next to the repositories. If you have many repositories, you can use the search field above the list to <span class="skip-vale">quickly</span> find a specific repository.

Reviewer 4: Omit reference to the organization:

```suggestion
Add or follow your repositories by clicking **Add** or **Follow** next to the repositories. If you have many repositories, you can use the search field above the list to <span class="skip-vale">quickly</span> find a specific repository.
```

> Then, close the window to return to your repositories list. Although Codacy will immediately start analyzing new added repositories, they will display empty metrics until the first analysis returns results.

Reviewer 4: Fix typo:

```suggestion
Then, close the window to return to your repositories list. Although Codacy will immediately start analyzing newly added repositories, they will display empty metrics until the first analysis returns results.
```

Reviewer 2: Further tweak suggestion for present tense:

```suggestion
Then, close the window to return to your repositories list. Although Codacy immediately starts analyzing newly added repositories, they display empty metrics until the first analysis returns results.
```

![Waiting for first analysis results](images/repositories-analyzing.png)

!!! note

>     -   When an **admin user** adds a new repository to Codacy, all users with admin permissions over that repository will start following it.

Reviewer 4: Small change to clarify that the "auto follow" behavior, and avoid the future tense:

```suggestion
    -   When an **admin user** adds a new repository to Codacy, all users with admin permissions over that repository start following it automatically.
```

>     -   If you access directly on Codacy to the details of a repository that you have permissions over and you **weren't following yet**, Codacy automatically adds that repository to your repositories list. For example, when you access the repository directly from a link on the Git provider UI.
> 
>     -   If you access directly on Codacy to the details of a repository that you **don't have permissions anymore**, Codacy automatically removes that repository from your repositories list.

Reviewer 4: Here's my attempt at trying to simplify this explanation a bit, by focusing more on the point of view of the user:

```suggestion
    -   You automatically **start following** a repository as soon as you access any page from that repository. For example, when you access the repository using a direct link on your Git provider UI.

        Conversely, you automatically **stop following** a repository as soon as you try accessing any page from that repository but you don't have permissions to see that repository anymore.
```

Author: 🤓
